---
slug: why
title: Why I Started Trading
abstract: The posting of big profits with luxury cars and the life style these gurus was selling..
---


I started in forex thinking it would be easy to make money. I read about big profits, studied all the popular strategies, and jumped in headfirst. But soon, I found myself losing trade after trade. I was frustrated, tired, and seriously doubting whether trading was for me. It wasn’t that I wasn’t working hard, if anything, I was overworking, spending hours on the charts, and making impulsive trades to try and win back my losses.

The turning point came when I decided to stop chasing quick wins and focus on a structured approach. I realized that my lack of a solid strategy, poor risk management, and emotional decisions were the real reasons for my losses. I went back to the basics and started building a strategy that focused on consistency and discipline. I studied what the pros were doing, how banks and institutions traded. I refined my technical analysis skills, incorporated risk management techniques that would protect my capital, and created a strategy that I could repeat over and over with confidence.

It wasn’t overnight, but slowly, I started to see the results. Trades that once ended in losses were now closing in profit. My account, which had been on life support, was beginning to recover. I wasn’t chasing huge gains anymore. Instead, I was focused on small, consistent wins, something I could rely on long-term. My strategy had finally started working.

Now, I want to share that strategy with you. If you’ve been losing money in forex, I understand your frustration because I’ve been there. But it doesn’t have to stay that way. In this book, I’ll walk you through the same approach that turned my trading around, and show you how to stop losing and start winning.
